docs/user_guide/index.md, before:

# Overview

`earthaccess` enables authentication, search and access for NASA Earth science data.  The package enables users to find, and download or stream data archived both at NASA DAACs and in the AWS-hosted Earthdata Cloud.  The User Guide introduces these three functions.

The [Authentication](./authenticate.md) section shows how `earthaccess` can be used to manage Earthdata Login and also Earthdata Cloud credentials.

The [Search](./search.md) section introduces how to search for NASA datasets (collections) and specific data granules.

The [Access](./access.md) section introduces how to use `earthaccess` to download data to a local machine or stream data by opening it directly in memory.

Additional usage information can be found in the User Reference section.  The How-To sections contains short code examples for specific workflows.  Longer tutorials for working with particular datasets are in the Tutorials section.

The Glossary section contains definitions for NASA terminology and Cloud computing.

Commit message:

feat(formatting): Add rich HTML display and interactive map visualization
- Add html.py with static HTML formatters for DataCollection, DataGranule, SearchResults
- Add widgets.py with interactive lonboard map visualization (show_map methods)
- Add _repr_html_() methods for rich Jupyter notebook display
- Add summary() method to SearchResults for aggregated statistics
- Add [widgets] optional dependency (anywidget, lonboard, geopandas, shapely)
- Add has_widget_support() function to check widget availability
- Add comprehensive tests for all new functionality (26 new tests)
- Update docs/user_guide/results.md with complete results documentation
- Update quick-start.md and development.md with widget installation info
- Add Results page to mkdocs navigation

docs/user_guide/index.md, after:

# Overview

`earthaccess` enables authentication, search and access for NASA Earth science data.  The package enables users to find, and download or stream data archived both at NASA DAACs and in the AWS-hosted Earthdata Cloud.  The User Guide introduces these three functions.

The [Authentication](./authenticate.md) section shows how `earthaccess` can be used to manage Earthdata Login and also Earthdata Cloud credentials.

The [Search](./search.md) section introduces how to search for NASA datasets (collections) and specific data granules.

The [Results](./results.md) section covers working with search results, including rich Jupyter display, summary statistics, and interactive map visualization.

The [Access](./access.md) section introduces how to use `earthaccess` to download data to a local machine or stream data by opening it directly in memory.

Additional usage information can be found in the User Reference section.  The How-To sections contains short code examples for specific workflows.  Longer tutorials for working with particular datasets are in the Tutorials section.

The Glossary section contains definitions for NASA terminology and Cloud computing.
